a year and a half or two years ago I was
really trying to figure out what I
wanted to do in my life next and I was
like okay I'm gonna go to graduate
school it I pepper they don't know what
I want to do and seems like the next
best step I went through the whole
process in my essays I had written about
how I really wanted to become an
entrepreneur I really wanted to go to
the business school so I could be an
entrepreneur I'd really killed myself
prepping for these business school apps
for like six to seven months and then
the week they were due
I was about to submit him and my mom was
like wait don't submit the apps I really
don't think you want to go to business
school I really thought about it and
they or two before applications are due
I decided not to submit
and I was on this trip for work it was
just kind of this a long emotional trip
and at the very end someone asked me you
know what do you really want to be doing
in life and I really thought about it
and out of nowhere
I said I want to make bikes climate's my
name is Gloria I live in Los Angeles and
I guess I make bike helmets for living
I've been a long-term biker always in LA
and I never wore a bike helmet cuz I
just thought I just thought that looked
kind of stupid and like I would always
make an excuse for like why I forgot my
helmet a place I had a friend and a
mentor who got in a pretty major bike
accident and at that point I was like I
really need to start wearing a bike
helmet and if I don't I I personally
feel like I'm being an irresponsible and
I went to the market to kind of find
something I liked and like I found
something that was like passable so I
bought it and I still didn't wear it and
I really thought to myself man if you
could make a bike helmet people actually
wanted to where you could solve like a
huge public health crisis you could
promote like active living healthy
living and for me it was just a question
of design and building a really great
brand motorcycle helmets are really cool
scooter helmets are really cool and I
have always like really loved the idea
of like something heritage the concept
became what would it look like if you
found a scooter helmet from like the
1940s and 50s
in your garage or your basement and like
how can we kind of modernize that for
2016 after you go to kind of your sketch
you go to clay work so I think one leg
kind of interesting thing about helmets
and this is the car industry - they're
all done in clay first like you can do
cad models which is what a lot of people
do these days but it's just quicker to
do in clay and you get a better sense of
like the shape that's happening - and
you can wear it and you can modify it so
like after we did clay work we literally
made a model out of clay and after you
kind of have clay you moved to like 3d
files so you have like CAD work and you
begin 3d printing like what you're gonna
do so this was one of the very first 3d
prints we ever did which is you know
real grubby because we try to make it
look like a real helmet and then like if
you pay for the super advanced 3d
printing from like a factory
3d prints can get as good as like these
this days this is printed out of
something like this so after we had like
3d prints you kind of confirm like this
is good to go this is what we want to
make you start like the manufacturing
process I would say it's a year time
period from like when you say this is
what I want to make in my brains so this
is what I want a physical product to be
when we launched on Kickstarter we were
totally unprepared my original goal was
to hit $20,000 in 30 days by the first
day we had already hit $20,000 the first
couple donations that were coming in
were like people I didn't know so I
thought cakes better was broken I was
gonna contact like customer service like
there's a flaw in the system we need to
we need to correct it all of my friends
that day took it upon themselves to like
social media the crap out of it for me
by the next day we hit 40,000 within a
week we had a hundred thousand I didn't
know anything about PR marketing or
whatever so like I had one or two
friends who were a journalist so I gave
him the story and I was like yeah it'd
be great and I don't know how it works
but he got featured first day in cool
hunting by the time we closed campaign
we had close to a quarter million
dollars everything we did was completely
organic we didn't do any paid marketing
I always told myself if I hit 70 or 80
thousand dollars it would be enough to
cover all of my expenses and I was like
if I hit that amount I'm just gonna quit
my job and to me that was always the
dream amount we hit seventy thousand
dollars within like day five and I
started on this full-time I've been
learning the ins and out of
manufacturing about building a brand and
we're just now getting product and
inventory in these last like two three
months we've been shipping out
everything in responsive bars been like
really positive so this is our first
model for a thousand helmets one thing
we also thought was really cool and kind
of wanted to give a nod to that heritage
thing we were going for is people used
to have bike pennants on the back of
their bikes so we kind of included
little pennants extra padding this is
the helmet so a couple cool things I
think about it is number one would be
the pop lock and one of the big problems
we're trying to solve is I really don't
like carrying around my helmet after
I've gone somewhere so we made a pop
lock it looks like a logo mark but it
actually pops out and you can pop it
right back in so you take a bike lock or
you lock you
throw it through the lock and you can
lock it up to your bike there's a
rubberized matte finished there's a
couple events also to nod to this kind
of moto theme we were going for this is
a vegan leather strap lastly would be
our magnetic buckle one thing I hate is
pinching my fingers when I'm riding you
can just kind of undo it with one hand
and it pops right back in without
pinching your fingers so this is the
headquarters of thousand we do
everything from design Rd to packing and
shipping here right now you've walked
into a box village and that's because we
have a major packing and shipping week
right now so I mean there are helmets
all packaged up ready to go under this
but we've made little shelters for them
all because it's a hot day in California
and we don't want them to kind of get
damaged by the Sun but a DHL man comes
up the driveway into this residential
address like a big semi every night and
we help them load them all on so this is
you know pack city
this is a box graveyard what's happening
right now
where we stop breaking down boxes we
just hoist them over the Box graveyard
so I feel like it's like a grown-up fort
literally a semi truck pulls up we help
them and unload everything here and we
invite a bunch of our friends and
basically say free pizza beer hugs
please help us unpacking babies in the
garage that happens for like an entire
weekend which is just what had happened
and then we just start shipping stuff
out one of the first things we're doing
though is we're pretty concerned about
quality
so we 100% quality check everything at
our factory and then once they get here
we do the same thing over again so we
open up every helmet and make sure like
the quality is on point we package it up
and we ship it out so if we do really
well we're shipping out 200 to 500
helmets if we're not doing really well
they're like a hundred we've been
actually asking the detail driver to
come specifically for us like at
nighttime at 11 p.m. so sometimes we'll
wake up at 8 we'll get started as soon
as we can and we'll work all the way to
like 11 trying to get helmets out all
day we're trying to save money right now
we had to air ship everything over which
is way more expensive than the
traditional thing you do which is you
ship them by ocean in order to save
money we shipped all
the box is flat in the helmet separately
but what that meant is for like three
four days all we did was build boxes and
I've got like cuts everywhere to prove
it we've been building boxes like crazy
I can build a box in 15 seconds flat
10 seconds on a good day after his
experience I thought I was like man I
think I'd make a really good factory
over here okay ready go the table
I think whenever you start something
there is also just like a self belief
that you have
I know under everything I will make it
happen we've had to fly to different
countries to stop major issues and I
think at the end of the day you just
know you have to do it no one else is
going to do it if you don't keep on
running no one's gonna run for you
I need sort of creation process is to
have a clear point of view in what
you're doing you try to please everyone
you'll please no one everyday I think
it's just like knocking down every
barrier in your path and going after it
when you don't feel like going after it
anymore
but also really relying on the people
around you to help you and to like guide
you because you don't know everything
you need the help but I have a quote
that says it's nice to be important but
it's more important to be really really
nice we're here for a short time in this
world our goal is to make things better
if you don't want to start something
your goal then is just to put out like
positive energy and be kind and good
people around you and like that's that's
it if you do that it was a good life
hey guys what is up it is Sara thank you
so much for watching this episode of
creative spaces TV let me know if you
liked this video and for every single
Tuesday of this month there will be a
new episode of creative space TV so make
sure to hit that subscribe button down
below
also check out thousand helmets I will
definitely link them below Gloria is
amazing this episode was like the
definition of hustle I love everything
she's doing over at a thousand and if
you need a cool helmet that protects
your head but you also can ride around
in style and you need a thousand helmet
that's that's what I wear when I'm
boosted boarding and biking around New
York City yes so if you're new around
here my name is Sara Deecee I make these
creative spaces TV films along with
daily vlog that can't talk along with a
daily vlogging and so I post a new video
every single day on my channel Monday
through Friday so again welcome and hit
that subscribe button down below if you
have not you guys have a great day I
will see you tomorrow for another vlog
and next week for another episode of
creative spaces TV you guys have a good
one stay peachy okay bye